how long we've known each other can I
ever break a promise to you I will put
you in the driver's seat Philemon
just shut your mouth and let me do my
thing
all right morning Shelby Warren Molly
appeals now go to hell
and that's it folks Ferrari wins to 24
hours of LaVon for the fifth consecutive
year
mr. Ford Ferrari has a message for you
sir What did he say he said Ford makes
ugly little cars and in ugly factories
and God you fat sir we're gonna bury
Ferrari at LeMond so the great towel
Shelby is gonna build a car to beat
Ferrari with a foreword correct and how
long did you tell them you needed two or
three hundred years 90 days who hates
guys like us because we're different we
heard he's difficult kin no no Ken's a
puppy dog
[Music]
and so there's a problem the computer
will find out you get some scotch tape
and a ball of wool what are they doing
making your car faster
ten miles it's not Ford man we're on the
verge of something and now you tell me
that I can't have the best man in the
world behind the wheel give me one
reason why I don't fire everyone
starting with you well sir the lighter
work faster and that don't work for
nastier
go ahead go go to war I risk I thought
the whole point was to win the damned
race
[Applause]
if this were a beauty pageant
we just lost looks aren't everything I
have been haunted my entire life looking
for beauty in the new science is
changing and the very people who are
running science that the people who
believe the world is flat I'm gonna
prove them wrong
I've discovered a new element you change
the world
Thomas asked you please to leave my
laboratory if my science doesn't speak
for itself
[Music]
then you have gravely misunderstood it
you threw us down in the water
the ripples you can't control
I want to believe the world is full of
light not darkness
[Music]
almost heaven
are you doing yeah your grandma tells me
her grandson something fancy and Iron
Man lawyer down in Cincinnati I am a
corporate defense attorney so I defend
chemical companies
well now you can defend me how many did
you lose one hundred ninety a hundred
and ninety cows you tell me nothing's
wrong here it's a small matter for a
family friend help a guy needs it a
farmer or you
that's chemicals I'm telling ya I'm
seeing documents I don't understand
they're hiding something that chemical
what if you drank it drank it it's like
saying what if I swallowed a tire
what if whatever's killing those cows is
in the drinking water at DuPont better
living through chemistry it's our DNA
you need to tell me what the hell's
going on
DuPont is knowingly poisoning seventy
thousand local residents for the last 40
years
you knew still you did nothing you want
to flush your career down the toilet for
some cowhand you want to take everything
that you know and turn it against an
iconic American company like an
informant isn't that right
isn't that right isn't that right yes
they have all the money all the
firepower and they'll use it I know I
was one of them
our government is captive to DuPont
they're trying to force you to make me
stop he was willing to risk his job his
family for a stranger who needed his
help the system is rigged they want us
to think it'll protect us we protect us
we do
you
[Applause]
[Music]
- sure - pattern
[Applause]
[Music]
should I tell you a story
it's the story of an orphan girl from a
faraway land he was sent to live a
mysterious house
[Music]
and what if I were to tell you she
discovered something magical
scooping secret
[Music]
would you believe me
if you cause me trouble I'll have you
sent away in an instant
[Music]
and you were hiding something this
garden it's capable of extraordinary
things now will you believe in the magic
[Music]
have you ever had a head trauma
something you from IEDs grenades small
artillery
[Music]
and our next guest is well known all
over the world documenting human pain
and misery I photograph what my
conscience asks me to Daniel Fisher you
have been to a country of South Sudan
performing a community choir my friend
we can help you he asked me not to
exhibit photos of his village why his
family died in the mass together
we also suffer with post-traumatic
stress why is it easier here to talk to
a stranger than me
what is wrong I must as if something no
my fault that you're unwell
[Music]
you don't have to put yourself through
this you have opened a door to the past
it must go through
[Music]
Harlen started out with a rusty
smith-corona and built himself into one
of the best-selling mystery writers of
all time 30 languages over 80 million
copies sold you guys fans I mean I don't
do much fiction reading myself big fan
big fan
mr. Blanc is a private investigator of
great renown I read a tweet about a New
Yorker article about you you're famous
the night of his demise the family had
gathered to celebrate your father's 85th
birthday and your son ransom video 10 as
well yes but he left early I think
Glenda was upset Walt would get a little
Irish courage and he'd get into it with
Harlan what Richard said what are you
baiting me detective attempting to be
thorough so we can figure out the manner
of death
you mean if someone killed him you think
one of us one of his family
well mr. Blanc I just buried my father
who committed suicide why are you here
I suspect foul play I have eliminated no
Sussman Harlan was cleaning house
everyone in the family has possible
motives was halt and planning on cutting
off joint did he plan to file Walter
there's a Richard having an affair
that's some heavy-duty conjecture funny
ransom you skipped the funeral but
you're early for the will reading up
your ass very nice family is truly
desperate when people get desperate the
nerve come out this is a twisted web and
we are not finished untenable in it not
yet it's waiting for the big reveal
all of them Vlad too late there is long
feel tea party behind at all you know
something spill it
tell me what happened to my grandfather
I think you have something you want to
tell me
[Music]
I thought we were done with all the
Burghley monster business
he's real I can feel him when I turn off
the lights it's like I've opened a door
for him the burglary what the brutally
monster he collects kid stores and Zach
tonight that was a story I told Emily
just to get her to behave it's not real
you really know what you're working for
you like to run this song's chapter kids
in the PC got rid of the evidence the
only evil possessing this house is in
the form of that 16 year old girl who
watches me
you lie I don't think you should go back
at your house this is the big BM lives
no he lives over there by the furnace
[Music]
be good or the man downstairs might pay
you a visit
I lost my family three years ago it
wasn't very accident there was a bomb on
that plane I need your help to find the
ones who did this I've got nothing to
lose
what about your life what about it I'm
gonna say this once even if you succeed
it won't be worth it I'll make streets
walking the streets promise me you won't
do nothing silly
[Music]
why are you here dropping a question and
how would you do that
violently
you're much more human than I thought
you'd be that's a good discuss
we didn't have a clue of how the scale
of the mess you've cost
[Music]
did you sleep last night
there's a thousand ways to die in a war
zone
most important element in a fire there's
a trust you have to trust a man beside
you
and he has to trust you we're heading a
long turn we're a day late and a dollar
short but if there's something out there
we will find it that's a circle it
give me off the Spade colonel beating
down on their taking casualties me
strength estimates this is for two
enemies we all come back with no wonder
the enemy's gonna come for us
train for this stay strong
make every shot camp
I just want to get out of here and go
home and forget all this
you are our greatest warriors now you
must be a queen the East India Company
is the greatest corporation in the
history of the world and we will protect
our interests agreed i honest inform you
that the East India campaign will
proceed with the annexation of Jhansi
he sees the tone from my son I must do
what is best for my people as your queen
must do for hers is that young queen
still refusing to submit to company room
she will never surrender
she needs to be broken and destroyed the
British have not yet arrived they are
merely gathering their strength
my new Navi app and Rani Laxmi Bai she
bola aha
we will fight for what is ours
can we wear when we have lost too many
men who said anything about men you
really think you can train these women
to fight like men no I will train them
to fight better than men we women have
several Psalms mother daughter sister
friend we must unite in one incarnation
villain Ghana women are going to lose
this whole bloody Empire
she's more than just a woman she's an
idea you know since you were a little
kid
your mama and I both know that you were
destined for something great we always
knew that God had big plans for your
life now the university is really
interested in having your son attend our
college next fall this kids good best
I've seen learn your place with rock
what you did
this is problem yeah right but let's
face it Yankees ain't drafting the whole
team
listen freshmen you gotta make both
paths I like my sheets tucked tight my
pillow
lightly fluff welcome to the team
why would the state take the risk of
extending additional credit they were
cleaned who currently can't make the
minimum payment don't they care how hard
we were without fertilizer is he gonna
close down six long you took a sip of
liquor and then Luke of the week later
in the hospital it's likely that Milton
will have limited function that was
right hand
that's Benton's pitching arm
shall we lost dad I've got vehicle
troubles about lose the farm sometimes
things have a strange
I have their commutes out we all looking
for help on the farm sir I appreciate
you coming out here we got no money
I've got something you don't know that
be
- you're making progress I've been
fortunate God is good
it's done now on the wait patiently plus
a year's been really difficult my family
you had not many more Choji
you